$MainContentHandlerHelper->CreateNewContent("random", "<b>Terms and Conditions of Engagement</b>", "
    <pre>
      1.	Nelgara Pty Ltd (Nelgara) will provide to the
      client the services outlined in the accompanying
      correspondence and such other services as may be
      agreed in writing between Nelgara and the client
      from time to time (together referred to in these
      Terms and Conditions of Engagement as the services)
      on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions
      of Engagement.

      2.	Nelgara will provide the services in a timely
      manner and with reasonable skill, care and diligence.

      3.	The client will provide Nelgara with all necessary
      briefings, approvals and consents prior to commencing
      the commission to enable Nelgara to provide the services.
      Briefings will include the provision to Nelgara of all
      relevant drawings and other documents and access the client's
      systems and networks.

      4.	The client will allow Nelgara a reasonable time to provide
      the services.

      5.	The client will pay Nelgara the fees set out in the
      accompanying correspondence and all disbursements reasonably
      incurred by Nelgara in providing the services on the terms
      set out in these Conditions. Disbursements will be charged
      in accordance with the schedule of disbursements below.

      6.	The Daily rates of Nelgara stated in the accompanying
      correspondence are subject to escalation. Nelgara reviews
      and adjusts staff salaries to reflect market rates and
      adjusts charge out rates accordingly.

      7.	Where a Nelgara staff/contractor is promoted to a
      higher position the client agrees to pay the higher rate
      for that individual or a Nelgara staff/contractor of
      similar position to the original commission will be allocated.

      8.	Where the client and Nelgara have agreed to perform
      professional services and be remunerated for these services
      under a daily rate arrangement, it is understood by the
      client that the definition of a daily rate consists of
      eight (8) working hours unless otherwise stated in writing
      and agreed by both the client and Nelgara. Any additional
      hours over and above eight (8) hours per day shall be
      payable by the client at the agreed hourly rates pro
      rata the daily rate.

      9.	Agreed rates referred herein mean the hourly rates
      and/or daily rates stated in the accompanying correspondence
      or as otherwise agreed in writing between Nelgara and the client.

      10.	Nelgara will invoice the client every 14 days by tax
      invoice and the client will pay the tax invoice within 14 days
      of receipt. Interest will be charged on overdue invoiced amounts
      at the current WA Supreme Court interest rate.

      11.	The fees in the accompanying correspondence (unless otherwise noted)
      exclude GST. Nelgara fees will attract GST (if confirmed by Nelgara).
      All GST amounts for which Nelgara is liable in respect of the
      provision of the services will be incorporated in the Nelgara
      invoices and will be payable by the client in the same manner and
      at the same time as other amounts payable in accordance with terms
      of these Conditions.

      12.	Where the client is required to reimburse Nelgara for an amount
      Nelgara pays to a third party (e.g. sub-consultants), the amount
      payable by the client (excluding GST) will be subject to an administration
      fee. The third-party cost and administration fee will attract GST.

      13.	Where Nelgara provides a fee estimate, Nelgara does not warrant
      that the services will be provided for the amount of the estimate.
      The actual fee may be less or more than the estimate.

      14.	Where a fixed fee is given, it is based on the scope of work,
      the services to be provided and the timing of the provision of those
      services set out in Nelgara's offer.

      15.	Any variation to the scope of work, the services to be provided
      or the timing of the provision of services required by the client or
      caused by the client will result in a variation to the fee payable
      by the client to Nelgara.

      16.	Any variation to the services to be provided by Nelgara to the
      client will be charged, subject to the terms of these Conditions,
      as to the time charges at the Daily / hourly rates stated in the
      accompanying correspondence or as otherwise agreed in writing between
      Nelgara and the client. In the event that there are no such hourly
      rates, the ACEA. scale of hourly rates will apply. Disbursements
      will be charged for variations in accordance with the schedule of
      disbursements below.

      17.	The liability of Nelgara to the client in respect of the
      project for loss or damage caused to the client by Nelgara will
      be limited to the cost of rectification of the loss or damage or
      $1 whichever is the less. The client will be entitled to
      reimbursement of the amount of such loss or damage by Nelgara
      only if it makes a claim against Nelgara within 6 months of
      completion of the project in respect of which the services are
      provided. Where both the client and Nelgara contribute to the loss
      or damage, the liability of Nelgara to the client in respect of
      that loss or damage will be limited to the extent of the loss or
      damage caused by Nelgara and as set out above.

      18.	The client will indemnify Nelgara against all liabilities,
      costs and expenses which Nelgara incurs
      as a result of any breach by the client of the terms
      of these Conditions.

      19.	Copyright in all documents and electronic material produced
      by Nelgara in connection with the services remains the property
      of Nelgara.

      20.	Subject to Clause 21 of these Conditions, the client alone
      will have a license to use all the documents and material referred
      to in Clause 19 of these Conditions, for the purpose of completing
      the project.

      21.	If the client is in breach of any obligation to make a payment
      to Nelgara, then Nelgara may revoke the license referred to in
      Clause 20 of these Conditions and the client must immediately
      return to Nelgara all the documents and material referred to in
      Clause 19 of these Conditions.

      22.	Subject to Clause 23 of these Conditions, if any dispute
      arises between the client and Nelgara, the party claiming the
      existence of a dispute must set out in writing the issues and
      its contentions in respect of them and must submit that written
      material to the other party within 14 days of the dispute arising.
      The other party must respond in writing within 14 days,
      If this does not resolve the dispute, it will be referred to
      the Chief Executives of each organisation who will meet within a
      further 14 days in an attempt to resolve the issues. If the issues
      are not resolved at that meeting, or within such further time as
      the parties agree, the party claiming the existence of the dispute
      may institute legal action.

      23.	Nothing in these Conditions prevents Nelgara from instituting
      legal action at any time to recover monies owed to it by the client.

      24.	Subject to Clause 26 of these Conditions, the client may
      terminate its obligations under these

      Conditions and the accompanying correspondence:
        a.	In the event of substantial breach by
        Nelgara of its obligations under these Conditions or the
        accompanying correspondence, which breach has not been remedied
        within 30 days of written notice from the client to Nelgara
        requiring the breach to be remedied, or

        b.	Upon the expiration of 60 days written notice from the
        client to Nelgara of its intention to terminate those obligations.

      25.	Subject to Clause 26 of these Conditions, Nelgara may suspend
      or terminate its obligations under these Conditions and the accompanying
      correspondence:

        a.	in the event:

          i.	monies payable to Nelgara under these Conditions are
          outstanding for more than 30 days;

          ii.	there is other substantial breach by the client of its
          obligations under these Conditions or the accompanying correspondence,
          which breach has not been remedied within 30 days of written notice
          to the client from Nelgara requiring the breach
          to be remedied, or

        b.	upon the expiration of 60 days written notice from Nelgara
        to the client of its intention to terminate those obligations.

      26.	Termination under either Clause 24 or 25 of these Conditions
      of obligations under these Conditions and the accompanying
      correspondence or suspension of such obligations under Clause
      25 of these Conditions will not affect the rights and obligations
      of the parties existing at the time of the termination or suspension.
      Neither party may assign, transfer or sublet any obligation under
      these Conditions and the accompanying correspondence without the
      written consent of the other. Unless stated in writing to the
      contrary, no assignment, transfer or subletting will release
      the assignor from any obligation under these Conditions or the
      accompanying correspondence.

      27.	The client must not directly or indirectly employ Nelgara
      staff or contractors for a period of 12 months after the
      expiration of that agreement. If the client breaches this clause,
      then the client must immediately pay Nelgara a recruitment fee of
      60% of the total annual salary package or equivalent, paid by
      Nelgara to that employee or contractor in the 12 months immediately
      preceding the expiration of that agreement or 6 months full time
      fee at the staff member's current billable rate, whichever is the
      higher.

      28.	Where Nelgara staff or contractors are required to work in a
      client's office or on a site owned or managed by the client or
      its agent or contractor, the client will be responsible for
      providing safe working conditions for Nelgara staff/contractors
      and for inducting Nelgara staff/contractors on the site into the
      client's WHS System.

      29.	Where the services include contract administration the following
      conditions apply:
        a.	Nelgara is authorised to act as agent of the client to carry
        out those services;

        b.	All communications by the client with the contractor, specialist
        consultants or others falling within the duties of Nelgara under
        these Conditions or the accompanying correspondence will be made
        by or through Nelgara;

        c.	Nelgara may make such decisions and issue such instructions as
        are, in its opinion, necessary for the safety of persons or property,
        or the proper execution of the project;

        d.	Nelgara may make all decisions, which it is empowered or
        required to make under relevant contracts, including decisions
        on claims made by contractors or the client as required, and
        decisions relating to the interpretation of documents pertaining
        to those contracts;

        e.	Nelgara may issue all certificates required or permitted by
        relevant contracts which it administers;

        f.	The relevant contractor alone is responsible for the proper
        execution of the work;

        g.	The contract administration services are not rendered for
        the benefit of the contractor and Nelgara does not undertake a
        duty of care towards the contractor;

        h.	Nelgara is not responsible to the client for the means,
        methods, techniques, sequences, procedures and use of equipment,
        whether approved by Nelgara or not, which are employed by the
        contractor or others in executing any phases of the project.

      30.	Where the services include the secondment of Nelgara staff
      or contractors, then the client will assume responsibility for
      those personnel, and its personnel, and it’s agreed that any
      statements or documents produced by those personnel will not be
      a statement or document of Nelgara and that the client will pay
      Nelgara such amount as is agreed between them in relation to the
      secondee.

      31.	Where Nelgara staff/contractors are engaged on the project for
      longer than 6 months, Nelgara reserves the right to reassign those
      individuals to other projects.

      32.	If any terms of these Conditions or the accompanying
      correspondence are held to be invalid or unlawful by a court
      having jurisdiction, that term will be severed from the remaining
      terms, which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent
      of the law.

      33.	Nelgara may sub-contract the provision of all or part of the
      services provided the client consents to that. The client must not
      unreasonably withhold its consent.

      34.	Nelgara and the client will each keep confidential information
      received by them from the other which is confidential. Information
      will be confidential unless:

        a.	It is in the public domain other than as a result of
        disclosure by the recipient, its Directors, employees, agents,
        consultants or contractors in breach of these
        Conditions; or

        b.	It is already known to the recipient prior to disclosure
        to it by the disclosing party; or

        c.	It is information that the recipient is required to
        disclose by any applicable law or order of any judicial or
        regulatory body.

      35.	Nelgara will immediately notify the client in the event
      that Nelgara believes that it may have a conflict of interest.
      The matter will then by resolved by discussion between the parties
      or, failing resolution, by Nelgara ceasing to provide the services
      to the client in relation to the project in question.

      36.	It is agreed by the client that Nelgara shall have the option
      to resolve a potential conflict of interest by use of an information
      barrier, whereby different clients are serviced by different
      Directors and staff, provided that all Directors and staff
      involved with each client sign an 'Information Barrier Protocol".
      A copy of this document is available on request.

      37.	The failure at any time of a party to the agreement arising
      from these Conditions and the accompanying correspondence to
      insist on performance of any provision of either of those documents
      is not a waiver of its right at any time to insist on performance of
      that or any other provision of those documents.

      38.	These Conditions are to prevail in the event of any
      ambiguity or discrepancy between them and the accompanying
      correspondence.

      39.	Notice in writing may be given by personal delivery,
      fax, registered mail or the like or by prepaid post.
      Notice may not be given by email.

      40.	The agreement arising from these Conditions and the
      accompanying correspondence is governed by the laws of the
      State of WA and the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction
      of the courts in WA.
    </pre>
    ");

$MainContentHandlerHelper->CreateNewContent("random", "<b>Schedule of Disbursements (Excluding GST) </b>", "
  <pre>
    Item No. 	Description 	                      Rate

    1 	      Payments to Third Parties 	        Invoice Cost + 10%

    2 	      Photocopying (Per Page) 	          Black & White:
                                                   •	A4 = $0.20
                                                   •	A3 = $0.45

                                                  Colour:
                                                   • A4 = $1.70
                                                   •	A3 = $2.90

    3 	      Recovery of Documents from Storage  $150 Per Recovery

    4 	      Air Travel:

                • 	Business Class for flights
                greater than 7 hours duration.
                Otherwise all staff travel economy
                class on flights within
                Australia and Business Class on
                international flights unless
                otherwise agreed with the client

    5 	      Vehicular Travel:

                • Use of personal vehicles is      $0.77 per km
                charged per km.

    6 	      Rates for Consultants:

                •	Consultant (Perth Based) – Nick  $TBA/Day
                Noonan

                •	Consultant (Perth Based) – Peter $TBA/Day
                Hooks

    7 	      Other Fees:

                • Work undertaken on an hourly     $175/Hr
                basis
  </pre>
  ");
